#CS521-HW4
##lin liu 10397798
###P31
a.There are an error--the Connection refused because TCP want to connect to a non-existent server
b.The udp don't establish the connection to the server before input the word into the keyboard.So It is ok when first run UDPClient and then UDPServer and input the word in the UDPClient
c.The TCP connection will be error becasue the TCP client want to establish a connection to a non-exist process.The UDP client will have no respond from the server.

###P32
no.If the client bind the port,the server will send data back to the bind port
If the client program didn't choose the port numberm,the operation system would choose one for this process.The Server can get the port number from datagram

UDPClient:5432
UDPServer:12000

before:
UDPClient:choose by OS
UDPServer:12000

###P33
yes.I can open serveral web browser simultaneously.
The advantage is I can download or open the web site faster.
The disadvantage is I need to use more bandwidth so the network will be slow to other users

###P34

The advantage of byte-oriented API is it is easy to do some byte execution.There are no boundaries between byte.

The disadvantage is in some application,the message need to have a boundary to indicate the several seperate message.So the application need to add the indications to distinguish the serveral message 

###P35
Apache HTTP Server is the world's most widely used web server software
Apache is free and open-source software.
Apache supports a variety of features,, many implemented as compiled modules which extend the core functionality. These can range from server-side programming language support to authentication schemes. Some common language interfaces support Perl, Python, Tcl, and PHP. Popular authentication modules include mod_access, mod_auth, mod_digest, and mod_auth_digest, the successor to mod_digest. A sample of other features include Secure Sockets Layer and Transport Layer Security support (mod_ssl), a proxy module (mod_proxy), a URL rewriter (mod_rewrite), custom log files (mod_log_config), and filtering support (mod_include and mod_ext_filter).